In this exercise, you were asked to consider a scenario about an online wedding platform.
The product management team noticed that their users are booking
photographers through the site, but not caterers.
The product management team thinks this is
because couples want to taste catering food in person.
They begin to brainstorm features to address this need.
The first question of the exercise asks,
by beginning to brainstorm solutions to increase the booking of caterers,
what stage of the iterative design cycle is
a product management team acting like it is in?
Since the product management team is coming up with solutions,
the team is in the explorer stage in the iterative design cycle.
Specifically, the team is in the ideation step where
the generation of potential features and solutions to the perceived problem occurs.
Question 2 asks, what stage of
the iterative design cycle should the product management team act like it is in,
in regards to the problem of under-booked caterers?
Based on the scenario,
there is no evidence that the product management team actually
knows why caterers are booked less than other services.
They can make guesses and assumptions based on their own experiences.
But they still should be in the understand stage of the iterative design cycle
because they have not observed customers or
talked with them to understand their problems.
The team needs to take the step to talk with users and
empathize before they can define the problem users face,
that results in fewer caterers being booked.
The final question in this exercise,
question 3, asks if qualitative data would be useful at this moment.
Since the product management team should be in
the beginning of the understand stage of design,
they still need to know more about their users' motivations.
Qualitative data would likely be very useful at this moment,
as qualitative data is helpful when trying to
understand the why behind the users' actions.
Talking with or surveying customers who have
and have not booked the caterer on the site will provide
helpful qualitative information about
the problems users experience in regards to booking caterers.
After they get a better understanding of the why,
the product management team can then move into
defining the problem and ideating solutions.